Materials and price estimate:
Jumper wires x4 (0.32)
LiDar sensor x1 (30)
Nylon straps w/ buckle (10)
Velcro stickers (5)
 3x7 prototype board (2)
2x10 prototype board (1)
Arduino Nano (5 - 10)
9v lithium usb rechargeable battery (5)
 vibration motor(s) 1-4x (~4) 
Dip Switch (1)
6 pin harness and 2 pin harness (1)
3D printed box (108 mm long 37mm wide approx 26 mm deep + 3 mm margin - box)
Hookup wire / spare wire (1)
(The Tf-Luna comes with 3 data cables already inside the box)

Tools:
Soldering iron
Crimping tool
Wire cutter 
3D printer
Sewing machine 
Computer with arduino IDE
​​Usb cable 

Upload code to arduino nano. You will need a usb connection cable and a computer. Download the arduino IDE and copy and paste the code into the workspace. 

Take the 3x7 prototype board and place the arduino nano at the top. 

Create a custom harness for the 6 wires by using a wire cutter and crimp tool. Crimp the ends of the wires and fit them into a 6 pin harness. Place the other half of the harness into the prototype board next to the arduino. 
Connect the bottom of the harness pins to the arduino through soldering respective pins together. Use hookup wires for longer connections. 

White - A4
Green- A5
Black - 5V
Red - GND
Yellow - GND
Blue - Nothing

The following numbers are from left to right, with the TF-Luna facing upwards. 
1 - 5V
2 - A4
3 - A5
4 - GND
5 - GND
6 - Nothing

Add 2 of the two pin harnesses next to the arduino on the prototype board. 

Cut 2 shorter wires for the battery and 2 longer wires for the vibration motor

Take your second prototype board and line it with 4 vibration motors. 

Strip the two jumper wires meant for the vibration motors and solder each side of the vibration motors to the respective wire. 

Solder the switch to the 2 pins on the bottom of the harness connected to the battery using 2 hookup wires.

Solder the wires to the battery and crimp them on the other side, then attach them into one of the 2 pinned harnesses. 

Crimp wires attached to vibration motors and attach them into the other 2 pinned harness. 

Solder the underside of both of the 2 pin harnesses to the arduino
Vibration motor (black) - GND
Vibration motor (white) - D5
Battery (red) - VIN (voltage in)
Battery (black) - GND

Take the 3D printed box and drill 3 holes into the box with a dremel tool. One hole is meant for the usb charging port on the battery, the second hole is for the vibration motor and the TF-Luna data cable, and the third hole is for the dip switch.

Attach TF-Luna to data cable

Cut two smaller strips of the nylon straps and sew onto one of the larger straps with a buckle in the back. To adjust to the body, tighten the big strap in the back and tie the two smaller straps around the neck like an apron. 

